Name: Chania Eldengleam
Race: Half-Elf
Class: Ranger 1
Alignment: Law
XP: 661
XP for next level: 2,500

Strength 17 (+1)
Dexterity 16 (+1)
Constitution 11
Intelligence 11
Willpower 10
Charisma 15 (+1)
Appearance 13
Luck 12

HP: 5
BHB: +0
AC: 15 (11 without shield)
RV: 2
ST: 16

Profession: Forester. You can follow simple paths through woodland terrain and identify both consumable and dangerous fauna. 

Martial Amateur: Longbow. Half-elves may select one melee or ranged weapon. They may wield this weapon without penalty, regardless of any restrictions placed on them by their class.

Arcane Dabbler: Half-elves may select one first-level Wizard spell. They may cast this spell three times per day. They do not need to memorize it, nor do they require spellbooks.

	Sleep [ ][ ][ ]

Fast Learner: Half-elves receive a 5% bonus on all experience points they earn.

Star Sight: Half-elves can see as easily in starlight or moonlight as they can in day light. They are still blinded by total or magical darkness.

Weapons: Any weapon.

Armour: leather, ring mail, chain mail; small shields, bucklers

Forestry: 2. Track humanoids and animals. Remain unseen and silent in natural surroundings. Calm wild beast.

Giant-Slayer: When fighting bugbears, giants, goblins, and hobgoblins, a Ranger may add his Base Hit Bonus to his weapon damage in combat.

Saving Throw: A Ranger receives a +2 to bonus to any saving throws made vs. poison.

Languages: Common, Elven, Goblin

Starting Gear:
Longsword (+1 to hit, 1d6+1)
Longbow (+1 to hit, 1d6, ROF 2, range 70 ft)
24 arrows
10 silver arrows
Ring mail armour (RV 2)
Small shield (+4 AC)
Traveling Clothes
Backpack
Flint and steel
Waterskin
Healer's kit
6 Torches
Whetstone
1gp, 8sp

Chania is tall and brawny, with spiky brown hair, long at the back (a mullet!), a leather circlet on her forehead, and pretty features. Under her ring mail armour, she wears greens and browns patched over with thick stitching.

Her mother, Maidel, is a human from the town of Malfen, while her father, Baradas, is an elf from Illioch. Although she grew up in the human town, she spent several years learning the ways of the forest under her father's tutelage.

One night, when they were hunting a great stag, she and her father found themselves in the land of the fey. The master of that place, a powerful sidhe, was about to kill Chania trespassing - no one of human blood should trespass in their lands. Her father made a bargain - his service for Chania's life. Since then, Chania has been searching for a way to communicate, and possibly relieve her father of his bond of servitude.
