Name: Skerrig the Bold
Race: Dwarf
Class: Fighter 1
Alignment: Law
XP: 630
XP for next level: 2,000

Strength 16 (+1)
Dexterity 8
Constitution 15 (+1)
Intelligence 6 (-1)
Willpower 17 (+1)
Charisma 8
Appearance 14
Luck 10

HP: 8
BHB: +1
AC: 10
RV: 4
ST: 15

Profession: Miner. You have toiled long hours in the dark, mining minerals and valuables from raw stone. You are more acclimated to underground environments than most.

By Axe and Hammer: Dwarves are able to wield battle axes, hand axes and war hammers regardless of other class restrictions.

Tough as Nails: Dwarves have a natural Reduction Value of 1, even when unarmored. This is in addition to any armor worn.

Underground Senses: Dwarves do not become lost when exploring underground environments. They can automatically sense sloping passages and their own depth beneath the ground. They also have a 1–4 on 1d6 chance of detecting concealed doors, secret doors or traps built into stonework when actively searching for these things.

Craftsman’s Eye: After a few minutes of examination, dwarves are able to determine the value of gold, jewels, weapons, armor and other items of metalwork. They can spot forgeries, fakes, and even discern the presence of any enchantments on such items—though they cannot determine the exact magical properties of such items.

Magic & Poison Resistance: Dwarves are exceptionally hale and resistant to poisons and magic spells. They receive a +4 bonus to all saving throws made to resist effects from these sources.

Dark Vision: Dwarves can see in starlight, moonlight, or perfect darkness at a distance of up to 90 feet.

Weapon/Armor Restrictions: Fighters have no restrictions on the kind of weapons, armor, or shield they can use.

Combat Machine: Against foes of one hit dice (HD) or fewer, Fighters get one attack per level each combat round.

Weapon Specialization: Pick (battle axe). At first level a Fighter may elect to specialize in one weapon type such as long bow, long sword, or battle axe—but not broad groups like “swords,” “bows” or “axes.” When wielding their specialized weapon, they receive a +1 bonus to their “to hit” rolls and +2 to their damage rolls. At fourth level they may attack twice with their specialized weapon.

Saving Throw: Fighters receive a +2 bonus on saving throws vs. death and poison.

Starting Gear:
Pick (+3 to hit, 2d6+3, two-handed)
Warhammer +1 (+2 to hit, 1d6+2, thrown, range 10ft)
Light crossbow (+1 to hit, 1d6-1, ROF 1, range 60ft)
30 bolts
Chain mail (RV 3)
Small shield (AC +4)
Backpack
Cloak
Traveller's clothing
Crowbar
Grappling Hook
10-ft pole
Dried rations, 3 days
50 ft hemp rope
Waterskin
Whetstone
3 flasks of oil
Small hammer
12 iron spikes
6 Torches
51gp
